Update Reinforcement Learning tutorial for custom DQN network (#2893)
mlpack/mlpack: doc/tutorials/reinforcement_learning/reinforcement_learning.txt

(`foward` and `backward`).

We can also use mlpack's ann module to setup a custom FFN network. For example, here we use a single

> hidden layer. However, Q-learning agent expect an object to have `ResetNoise` method which `SimpleDQN` has.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hidden layer. However, the Q-Learning agent expects the object to have a `ResetNoise` method which `SimpleDQN` has.
```

Increase readability.
